allow  using fetchEvent for wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0 optionally (#122)
bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS: README.md

Note that features explicitly imported by the target world cannot be disabled - if you target a component to a world
that imports `wasi:clocks`, then `disableFeatures: ['clocks']` will not be supported.

## Using StarlingMonkey's `fetch-event`

> The StarlingMonkey engine provides the ability to use `fetchEvent` to handle calls to `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0#handle`. When targeting worlds that export `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0`, the component will use the `fetchEvent` if the guest content does not explicitly export a `incomingHandler` or `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0` object. Using the `fetchEvent` requires enabling the `http` feature. 

Author: I would like some feedback on the wording and how we would like to document these changes.

Reviewer: Looks good. Perhaps split the description into two separate sentences here:

> When targeting worlds that export `wasi:http/incoming-handker@0.2.0` the fetch event will automatically be attached. Alternatively, to override the fetch event with a custom handler, export an explict `incomingHandler` or `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0` object.

> The StarlingMonkey engine provides the ability to use `fetchEvent` to handle calls to `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0#handle`. When targeting worlds that export wasi:http/incoming-handker@0.2.0 the fetch event will automatically be attached. Alternatively, to override the fetch event with a custom handler, export an explict incomingHandler or wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0 object. Using the `fetchEvent` requires enabling the `http` feature. 

Reviewer: Minor adjustments:

```suggestion
The StarlingMonkey engine provides the ability to use `fetchEvent` to handle calls to `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0#handle`. When targeting worlds that export `wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0` the fetch event will automatically be attached. Alternatively, to override the fetch event with a custom handler, export an explict `incomingHandler` or `'wasi:http/incoming-handler@0.2.0'` object. Using the `fetchEvent` requires enabling the `http` feature. 
```

I'm just wondering about the `http` feature requirement. I suppose we will disable this once fetch is stable, but even then we need to think about what to do when `http` is disabled.

We should probably make it an error when http is disabled and the user hasn't exported the handler. Either just the error already at https://github.com/bytecodealliance/ComponentizeJS/pull/122/files#diff-69c4ddcc3664701394605dc159a10360361dc21afeee1a01c967c1f06f1f967aR398, or a new error that specifies the feature must be enabled or exported.

Author: I will pipe it down to the `bindgen` and create a new error.

Author: updated.
